a scenario on signatories/observers/controllers (#69)
digital-asset/daml-katacoda: fundamental-concepts/template-authorization/6_authority_delegation.md

We've seen DAML's authority checks in a couple of situations now:

- You can only create or archive a contract if you are acting as the signatories of that contract.
- You can only fetch a contract, if you are listed as an observer (or signatory) of that contract.
- You can only exercise a choice on a contract, if you are acting as the controllers of that
  contract.

Every [DAML update](https://docs.daml.com/daml/reference/updates.html) action has an authority rule
that is enforced by the interpreter of a DAML ledger.

We've seen how to act as the single signatory or controller of a contract. But how can you act as
multiple signatories or controllers? 

> The trick is, that when you exericse a choice as a controller, you're not just acting with the
> authority of that controller, but also with the authority of the signatories of the contract that
> offers the choice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trick is, that when you exercise a choice as a controller, you're not only just acting with the
authority of that controller, but you also gain the authority of the contract's signatories. 
```
